Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica Garcia, tell me what's going on.
JESSICA G: Everything's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having a little bit of food.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't want you to have to see me jump in a whiner
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, tell me what are your dreams kind of difficult or emotions kind of running up and down.
JESSICA G: No.
JESSICA G: As far as my dreams and
JESSICA G: I've actually come down.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how many. Let me just say how many let's say nightmares. Were you having let's say last month and this month how many
JESSICA G: Okay, so last month. It was probably every night. And then this month is probably like
JESSICA G: These past like three weeks. It's probably been like
JESSICA G: Twice a week.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that theme.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very similar, as it seemed like they're changing, tell me what's going on in them when they're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so some changes happening. We've got the frequency going down.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just curious. The, the ability to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, do you mind sharing a little bit about a recent one.
JESSICA G: On
JESSICA G: So like
JESSICA G: A dog.
JESSICA G: Recent one. It's always like I i take, I take off.
JESSICA G: I'm out and about, again doing drugs on the streets and stuff and
JESSICA G: I leave my son behind
JESSICA G: And then I like suddenly remembered that I have a son. And I'm like, I have a son, where's my son was born.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: Is non existent.
JESSICA G: You don't have a certain blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, Yes, I do. I have a sudden
JESSICA G: And so I can't find him.
JESSICA G: And I'm
JESSICA G: So I'm like, freaking out. And then finally, I'm like, I have him again. And I'm like, See, I told you, and everything's good. Everything's back to normal. But it's not him.
JESSICA G: In the dream, but it's a baby.
JESSICA G: So it's weird. And then there's this other one that I always have stuff freaks me out so much
JESSICA G: Were. OK, so my grandparents.
JESSICA G: Have too long or they used to have to them. They sold one of them to my brother, but
JESSICA G: There's this great one and a black one. The end. The great one.
JESSICA G: Where whenever we're so we're like traveling somewhere in Albuquerque somewhere in the in the north side.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: Somewhere. I've never been before. And then we're having to go like around the city. So where there's like a lot of like mountains and hills and stuff that we're having to go up and down, and it's like really dangerous and we ended up flipping over in the van.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hadn't. How does it was the end of that you flip over, then what
JESSICA G: We flip over and this last one we were like going to see one of my uncle's who's like a straight from the family, a strange from the family and
JESSICA G: So we went there and it was so super cool, like we had just flipped over. And I know I had the baby in my arms, and I like I couldn't grab ahold of him.
JESSICA G: Because like we were flipping out like I could feel I could feel me flipping over in the vehicle.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: So we get there to see my uncle and it's like this outside like flea market type thing.
JESSICA G: And I see my cousins and stuff. And it's just like if it never happened. And then we're having a goal, but we were, we had to go back and
JESSICA G: My grandma's really old and it was cold, so she wasn't doing too good. And we have to walk all the way back to Albuquerque. Dr. Miller one to where I'm having to constantly work on trying to walk walk walk
JESSICA G: Back to my son, and I'm going through downtown and I just can't seem ever seem to get there.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: And I wake up and then he's like, right there, cut over my arm and on my
JESSICA G: Wake up crying. Yeah.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: I wake up paying for those are the dreams. But like I said, I don't have one. So often anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not for a little bit. I'm going to just kind of move over to a couple areas.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to check on how you're doing physically as far as
JESSICA G: Any
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to check on sleep. Want to check on withdrawal symptoms. Want to check on eating by kind of thing.
JESSICA G: So,
JESSICA G: I've been eating.
JESSICA G: Me all kinds of foods, all kinds of vegetables.
JESSICA G: And everything so um
JESSICA G: What I've been eating is
JESSICA G: Like, I got a button on Fat Greek yogurt.
JESSICA G: And then so I add like the
JESSICA G: The blueberries, raspberries strawberries and banana.
JESSICA G: And that's what I'm in granola in there. And that's what I eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are trying to eat late. That was something you were to set an intention for you feeling good about
JESSICA G: Yeah yeah yeah
JESSICA G: I'm I'm feeling good about that. I just make sure to drink like I always have my green
JESSICA G: Whether its water or green tea.
JESSICA G: I have it there by the bed and I just
JESSICA G: Drink that on my
JESSICA G: And then that
JESSICA G: But yogurt with the fruit I make quite a bit of it. So I take a few bites of it. And then I put it back in the fridge.
JESSICA G: And then like a couple hours later. I'll take it out and I'll put it back and eat some more. And so that's what I'm kind of munching on throughout the day and then I've started incorporating like more vegetables into the food that I'm making my boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you can end up sneaking in foods. I know sneaking in spinach and kale. I've been able to sneak it into smoothies. I can see it in the eggs soup chili. I just put it in tiny little bit steam it and sneak it in
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: That's a good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I can
JESSICA G: Try that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, whatever. Like even if you do grilled cheese.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once it's steam because then it won't have that bitter taste, you can sneak it in put little bits in there.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me how many milligrams this box on your on today.
JESSICA G: So, okay, I had an incident. I had a bit of a regression. Okay.
JESSICA G: So one of my friends that on the box into she came to me and she was like, hey,
JESSICA G: I'm out of my script. Do you think I can borrow some because I get some this day and I'll give them back to you.
JESSICA G: And so I was like okay, that's fine. Just as long as you give them back to me. So yeah, so the day came when was it was like on a Friday.
JESSICA G: When she was going to get her script.
JESSICA G: And we had this conversation on Wednesday.
JESSICA G: And so Friday came around and she gave them back to me and everything was fine. Um,
JESSICA G: So I was taking them. I took them for two days. And then I was like,
JESSICA G: I, they were a bit strong for me. Okay, so I checked. I checked the
JESSICA G: The, what's it called the brand and there was a different brand.
JESSICA G: A different brand.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brand.
JESSICA G: I'm
JESSICA G: The one the brand that um
JESSICA G: Which one do you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: We normally take
JESSICA G: I don't know what it's called. I don't know. I don't remember what it's called but I know that it was a different brand. You know, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't think you have that package, the little
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. It's Dr. Reddy is one son those is one
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lofty yeah
JESSICA G: Let me check. I'll do have one actually
JESSICA G: Yep, yep it's Dr ready. Okay, so the one that I get is Dr. Ready.
JESSICA G: And I'm the one that she gave me was My land. My land.
JESSICA G: And so, yeah.
JESSICA G: And also I saw in there that they weren't my dosage that they were eight milligrams
JESSICA G: So after the two days that I took the eight milligrams. I was like, holy cow, like I've been taking so much. And so I went back down, like the next day I cut it in half so
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days were you taking I just give me the total amount, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be handy if you had a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would kind of break this down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's Monday and we got to get all the way I guess from Wednesday, a change happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we gotta kind of track this
JESSICA G: A little bit, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so Wednesday was think that's when it started, you wait a women's first day that you took something other than your prescribed medicine which day was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Saturday. All right, Saturday was the eight. So that's two eight. And now the total number of milligrams, you ended up taking was what
JESSICA G: Eight milligram. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and what was the difference in feeling, what did you notice the difference
JESSICA G: You know I
JESSICA G: I really didn't like I just felt a little bit more drowsy, but I was I was moving around. I was I was making a big dinner because my nephew's came over and my brother came over. And so I had to run to the store. I was cooking running around trying to get everything ready
JESSICA G: So by the time I was able to like sit down.
JESSICA G: And actually relax. That's after cleaning and everything I was ready to go to bed.
JESSICA G: It was probably like around
JESSICA G: 12pm whenever I everything like done
JESSICA G: It took I took
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many days.
JESSICA G: Two days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got the eighth and the ninth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then to nine and then you went on the 10th, which is today you are back to how many
JESSICA G: I'm
JESSICA G: For
Gwenevere Abriel: Today's Monday. So how many milligrams already taking today.
JESSICA G: I'm going to take four
Or sorry,
JESSICA G: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, Wendy, what time of day. Did you take it.
JESSICA G: I haven't taken it yet.
JESSICA G: I just woke up.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
JESSICA G: So how are you taking a bit. I'm going to take for
JESSICA G: my pick for and then
JESSICA G: What happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you message, your doctor that this happened to our mind. The first, you're telling
JESSICA G: You're the first
Gwenevere Abriel: And was there some concern about that is that kind of why needed to maybe focus on that and maybe it's hard to talk about or not just what's it like for you to tell me
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I don't know. I'm trying not to make a big deal out of it because I'm
JESSICA G: Because I want to go back to like my normal
JESSICA G: Like routine and my normal dose and everything. So I didn't really want, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't we talk a little bit about any, of course, go back to that you're years you're going to be the only one that's going to experience you either will or you won't experience the difference. I don't know whether you
Gwenevere Abriel: You just added more opiate receptors and those are going to be screaming at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
JESSICA G: Is that how it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just set yourself back. Now listen, Jessica. So, don't. It's not an absolute even though I'm saying these words. I don't know if you can tell in group but everybody's different.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you maybe you won't because there's plenty of people, Jessica. Set, Go and have a surgery.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have a surgery and they say, Okay, I'm really committed. I don't want to go back to the short acting opiates and for a time, they'll do something with Dr. Gabriel and they'll raise the dose quite a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they'll quickly come right back down. And I'm like, Wow, that's amazing. Isn't that something there wasn't this big long tapering process. So it doesn't mean it's going to be the same. You maybe you'll not notice it at all. All I'm saying is, pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's look a little further, let's examine this a little bit more because there's more behaviors that went on. So let's say analyze a little bit what worked, what didn't work about your decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this friend of yours.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: Why that everything is fine. I was like, okay, you know,
JESSICA G: I got him back. She said this was a one time thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, did you know that it's illegal to do that.
JESSICA G: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's start there.
JESSICA G: I did not know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right when when a physician gives a patient on prescription, they have. They know their biology. They know their disposition for country and educated medications and so they're basically saying for you. This is clinically appropriate
Gwenevere Abriel: And in a way, and it just sort of follow me here you acted
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of as a physician with this person by giving away your medicine to someone else citizens for you, a physician assessed. You are ability to benefit from it and you gave it and you took it for yourself. And you've been taking it, something happened when this friend came to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, now you didn't know that it was illegal. So that's added information. Now, you know,
Oh, yeah.
JESSICA G: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's cover it from just that level. And let me check it. There's other pieces you didn't know. Did you know that it's illegal to sell it.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I know it's illegal to sell like your medication to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And did you know that it would be considered a slip, which is similar to a relapse relapse is kind of something that continues on and on and on and just, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't get interrupted and and and you may months or years can go by, but a slip is when we take less than were prescribed or we take more than what's prescribed so you accidentally had one, but let's just see. Let's just analyze that a little bit further, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you wonder to yourself. I wonder why I didn't check
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why I didn't check the milligrams. Look how important milligrams are to watch right when we're about to taper how important it is, like, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Little fraction so important. Just this little sliver so important as we're tapering and no doc. I'm not ready. Yes, I am. No. Or you can hear there's a big focus on the but notice with your friend that wasn't there. You just different packaging.
Gwenevere Abriel: Different packaging that didn't catch your attention and you didn't look to check because this was not prescribed for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your media, what did you notice we've only touched on just illegal. We've just touched on just those bits. So what are you thinking about right now. What's that making you think about
JESSICA G: Um, well, whenever I actually seen the packaging and the dosage and everything. Like, I know that I was considered a slip
JESSICA G: And that's why I'm talking about it. I know that because I'm taking more than
JESSICA G: I was taking more than what I
JESSICA G: Should have been taking yeah okay um but so I've kind of had that
JESSICA G: Inner like
JESSICA G: Like that inner dialogue like I took too much.
JESSICA G: I backtrack.
JESSICA G: You know,
JESSICA G: And then not only that, but I was helping her out because she's obviously
JESSICA G: Like not doing what she's supposed to do and
JESSICA G: I'm hoping
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's stay there for just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing the right thing by sharing it right, you're sitting here and maybe feeling some discomfort even talking about these details. This is very useful actually for a lot of people because it informs what they need to protect even more around their recovery. So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this your best friend.
JESSICA G: This woman, um,
JESSICA G: I wouldn't say my best friend.
JESSICA G: But she's, she's you know a friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you started to think she's in a program to. I wonder how good she's doing if she doesn't have enough did it right. Is that what came to your mind.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you decided to put your own recovery in jeopardy.
Gwenevere Abriel: To give it to her. So tell me, is that that part right there. And that has to do with sort of our confidence. Our assertiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has to do with boundaries that has to do with self esteem, like all kinds of things can be going on in her personally this woman. How long have you known her and tell me about how close you guys are
JESSICA G: Um, I've known her. She's a childhood friend.
JESSICA G: So I've known her for a while.
JESSICA G: We just
JESSICA G: Like talk over
JESSICA G: Text my messenger through Facebook. We come up dead.
JESSICA G: Okay. And hey, I'm doing good. Now, only to, you know, it's good. And so at first.
JESSICA G: It was like
JESSICA G: Just text messaging and then and
JESSICA G: And then
JESSICA G: So she knew that I was on the program and everything I talked to her about that. And I was like, I'm doing really good and I think a friend.
JESSICA G: Like, you know, go to counseling and everything. So that was that we just talked about, just say hi every day and everything.
JESSICA G: And then
JESSICA G: Out of nowhere. She's just like, Hey, can I ask you for a favor. And I'm like, Yeah, sure.
JESSICA G: And that's whenever she told me, just like we're gonna get him back. I was like, okay.
JESSICA G: Fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but now you have new information. What do you do with how much you have done it differently, or would you have done it differently.
JESSICA G: Probably, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How so I
JESSICA G: Said no
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would you have said no.
JESSICA G: Because I just interrupted.
JESSICA G: You know my
JESSICA G: My
JESSICA G: Routine
JESSICA G: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, for a lot of people, Jessica, they will end up saying yes when they don't want to say yes, because they are avoiding conflict, maybe for you when you know your own personality you know your own sort of confidence around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How difficult, might it be for you the next time. It's possible, it will happen again.
JESSICA G: Oh, yeah.
JESSICA G: I have no doubt. I have no doubt about it. Um, I don't know. This time, I'm just gonna say no or not even text her back or not even talk to hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're. It sounds like all the sudden she's not that
Gwenevere Abriel: Close of a friend, all of a sudden, if you're not texting someone back. That sounds like the friendship, all of a sudden doesn't sound quite as important as your recovery. It's starting to sound.
Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now do you think she knew that it would that was illegal to do
JESSICA G: I don't think I don't know. I don't know if she knew. I don't know what her thought process was, I don't
JESSICA G: Have no idea
JESSICA G: All I know as a she was like
JESSICA G: Kind of desperate.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, you sound confident right now, like, Oh, I'll have any problem. I won't even answer her
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why these can be kind of informing
Informing
Gwenevere Abriel: You right because if this might not have known.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you know. And now we can set clear boundaries and in fact if you decided to so the sort of ideal in recovery is we tell everyone around us. We fight we stay away from, from any kind of shame activation. Indeed, we say
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm working in recovery program, I have to protect it and protect it means
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't, I can't be around, you know, toxic negative people. I need to be around people that helped me grow and develop and I'm
JESSICA G: Sorry, the
JESSICA G: Tablets dying from Nicole cricketing okay
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go look for a
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now, you kind of did this this role play with me and you sounded like you didn't have any problem being able to say to this friend know
Gwenevere Abriel: If she is, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: In her authentic self. She might say to you. Oh, I get it, I get it. I'll respect you. But if she's not if what's present is addictive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to probably be pissed off at you because the addict inside of us doesn't care about your needs. It doesn't care. You are inconveniencing me I need it, you gave it to me before. What's your frickin problem now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So being ready for that and being able to see is this woman right now, my friend and cares about the things that I'm working on, or is the addict present and all she cares about is what she wants. When she wanted and she wants it right now. So be really mindful of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she she puts your she put your by asking you, right, she's putting your recovery in jeopardy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Giving them to other people, is a is a you know a discharge criteria in this program. I'm not pursuing that with you, but it is, it's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's really important that it did not happen again.
JESSICA G: Oh,
JESSICA G: My god.
Gwenevere Abriel: My guess is she knows exactly what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just want to get into I'm having a little trouble finding it. I got a snoop around on my desktop here a little bit more. I want to find
Gwenevere Abriel: My hopeful knows there's a nice little list like people to have handy. They have a hard time saying no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I mean like letting people off easy kind of a nice nice thing to do. So we do a little snooping here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a lot of my desktop. I need to clean it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I mean as far as right now. Just, just keep keep communicating
Gwenevere Abriel: About how you're feeling physically. I mean, you have fortunately, you have for tomorrow. So you have nice short
Gwenevere Abriel: turnaround time
We'll be able to see how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys are known
JESSICA G: For me, I mean,
JESSICA G: I mean, it was only like two days, so I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: If I said, you may have zero effect.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope that's the case. I really do. Yeah. Okay, so let's take a look at this. These are kind of go for some people. Now when you assess yourself. How easy is it for you to say no to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: How easy is it for you in general.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: It's pretty hard.
JESSICA G: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And so that's what happened, I think, is it didn't occur to you, maybe to protect you, to protect the all this hard work you put in
Gwenevere Abriel: And instead, it was maybe feeling for what this woman was going through a sheet. Oh gosh, I wouldn't want her to be in withdrawal. I certainly wouldn't want to be in withdrawal and you didn't have this awareness that it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Illegal. So I think these are pretty cool because sometimes you don't want to just say, No, we want to do with a little finesse
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you decide to do a print screen of this you have it handy in your phone and I would invite you over the coming weeks to play with these a little bit with your sweetheart to right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So let's try this one on
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say friend calls texts. I can't give you an answer right now, but will you check back with me now this one. There's a phrase here. It's called keeping
Gwenevere Abriel: The exit open keeping the door open this you know what this says that this woman, for example would be getting back with you again and again and again and you would expect.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear from her over and over. So, this one might not work for the refusal skill, but it might work for someone who is just about timing. Let's say it's your sweetheart, and he wants you to get on the bus and go somewhere, do you really just just
Gwenevere Abriel: can't quite get myself together right now, but check back with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't give you an answer right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will you check back with me. That's a nice a nice way to let someone down
Gwenevere Abriel: How about this, I want to buy I'm unable to now that one might work for her.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Well, she might say, Well, why you say, Well, I didn't know before
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's illegal, my you know they they want me to take this particular dose and I really wasn't, you know, paying attention to that before and I need to be really, really careful that I stick with exactly what my doctor told me
Gwenevere Abriel: And someone that loves you. Jessica is going to say, I got to girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if they
JESSICA G: Only
Gwenevere Abriel: Care about what they want. Well, then all you are is just in the way and you just need to hand it over. I mean, that's not caring about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're going to know very quickly the response that you get back when you set your boundary
Gwenevere Abriel: The third one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this wouldn't work for her, but you could picture. Let's say someone wants you to babysit.
Gwenevere Abriel: The third one might work for that one. You know what, I'm not able to commit to that right now. Or it or it might work with like me, like, let's say I send you an invitation to have an appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're like, Oh, I just, you know, you're thinking, geez, I feel in the back of my head. Like, I have this other thing going on. I just don't have my my
Gwenevere Abriel: My schedule in front of me, this would work right. I'm not able to commit to that right now and then, can I text you you know in an hour, you might say, This is nice. I can't do it. Now I can't commit to it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I really appreciate you asking me, but I can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe volunteering at a school, this might come up, something like that, it would be, you know, can you bake Blondie blah blah
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I appreciate you and He, um, but I can't do it and period. You don't carry on and on. And with this big long explanation. We just say it, we say are no I can't do it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then the other person has to work it out. That's the way life is, sometimes it's know we've got to give only what we have to give you gave more than what you had to give
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Next one. I understand you really need my help, but I'm just not able to say yes to that. I'm sorry. Oh my gosh, that was so perfect for her. That's a good one right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because she look here's the help word
Gwenevere Abriel: That's really sweet. I understand you really need my help.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm not able to say yes to that. Oh look, it doesn't even say no, it just says, I'm not able to say, Yes, I like this slip slip, you don't actually have to say no.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it. I'm not able to say yes. Well, yes, you can just sit it
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I can't. Okay. I like that one that's best the slick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then this one very firm. I'm going to say no. For now, I'll let you know, something changes. Well, that that's not going to work for for someone who's trying to score, but it would work for
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe someone was asking that you babysit for someone, you might say, call me and I'm going to have to say no to that for now, but I'll let you know if my schedule changes, something changes. That's nice. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm honored that you would ask me. Let's say they wanted to do a speech or something. But you truly do not have it to give it would pull from so much time so many resources from in your research to do this reading, Baba.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you say, I'm honored because right. It's a privilege to have an ass. You don't want to negate that but my answer is no, that's pretty firm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then this one. No, I can't do that. Oh, this is one of my favorites right here. This is the redirect. But here's what I can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is interesting. So it's no I can't do that. But here's what I can do. Tell me something, Jessica. Can you picture any domain of your life with anyone with this might work or this would be like the perfect fit. Where you redirect to something that you can do.
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: When
JESSICA G: When my auntie wants me to babysit her
JESSICA G: Her step grandkid
JESSICA G: At home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so beautiful, so you say no, you know what I can't do that. And then you say, but here's what I can do. And then guess what you give what you have to give freely without resentment. But what I can do is on
Gwenevere Abriel: Him on Sunday for a couple hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can share what you can do and that's a nice easy way to let someone off because
Gwenevere Abriel: It just doesn't end with no it's we're in another option. And the person's like, Oh, well, yeah, I guess I hadn't thought about that. Yeah, that could work we've put in their head. This alternative besides right now.
JESSICA G: Yeah, like I could babysit him here on my home.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it. It's yours but but you know what, if you're welcome to bring them over here between 12 and three
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
JESSICA G: I get it.
And you
Gwenevere Abriel: See how firm and Claire i am i'm not mean and nasty. I don't need to be because my know stands alone, but I'm redirecting and saying, but here's what I can do. And then they're like, they're like, No, actually, that, that, that won't work for me. Okay. Well, you're the ones I know now.
JESSICA G: Yeah, because this, this weekend okay cuz it
JESSICA G: My auntie is just like, oh,
JESSICA G: Well, what, like the whole entity entity in herself.
JESSICA G: You know, like a force to be reckoned with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom personality.
JESSICA G: Yeah, she has so much
JESSICA G: Just she has issues and everybody knows that. And so
JESSICA G: Okay, so there was a couple weeks ago.
JESSICA G: She needed me I guess she takes care of these kids, and she needed me to take care of them. And so, and her step grandkid because the man had to go to the hospital. So, and my son was coughing and I let her know that
JESSICA G: You know my son's coughing, but I'll do it you know you need my help. I'll do it. And so I was sitting there with like my kid and and for other kids.
JESSICA G: All day and
JESSICA G: And then so after and then I just had to leave. I had to leave because it was I got there are two wheels already seven o'clock at night.
JESSICA G: And so my uncle that there, her husband, he got there and
JESSICA G: I stayed there for a little bit. The little boy was asleep and I was like, I gotta go. I gotta go on my you know my dinner, you know, yeah, my son status out of work or radio like I should be there with you know with him and so
JESSICA G: I left. And then when I got here. She was like, Oh, I already ate. I was like, okay, so I want to leave them alone. So I called them to go back. They said no. And then my auntie calls me later on. And she's like on
JESSICA G: So I had to be his name is Andre, I had to be them today. So I'll have to clean my tub and put them in the bath, because he had a diaper rash. Oh.
JESSICA G: And I was like, You know what, I didn't change his diaper. Oh my god, how did I forget to change his diaper, you know, and so she was like, but I don't know.
JESSICA G: His dog, so that the mom hadn't took him a bath for two days. Okay, so that was that was like, I still didn't not huge favor and that's what I got out of it. So this weekend.
JESSICA G: Yeah, so this
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't get a thank you
Know,
JESSICA G: No, we just fine. Good over but. Okay, so then on Friday, I was talking to her. She invited herself over to my house. The next morning, she was like, why don't you invite me to your house for breakfast.
JESSICA G: I was like weirded out, me and my son's our word at all. So we started to clean everything whatever because she was like I was like yeah what time you told me I was like okay around 11 whatever branch.
JESSICA G: So we stayed up to two o'clock in the morning kulina like a spotless, we could get the house, putting all the toys right away everything cleaning the room. The bathroom everything
JESSICA G: So she said that my uncle might be coming through. So the next morning I'm sitting there and I'm waiting for her to call. I told her calm you and you're on your way.
JESSICA G: And
JESSICA G: So she calls me and she's like, Hey, what are you doing, and I'm like,
JESSICA G: Not being vocal
JESSICA G: Yeah, yeah. I was like, are you guys on your way. I told her, but it was past the time that she said I wasn't even expecting her anymore.
JESSICA G: And she was like, Oh, well I've been waiting for you to call me. I told you to call me when you were on your way. So I can get breakfast started or psyche and get started, or whatever.
JESSICA G: And she was like, you said 11 like right away. She flipped it on me. I just didn't even say anything anymore. I was like, whatever. And so she asked me to babysit.
JESSICA G: Her the little boy again because they were all going to the movies.
JESSICA G: And all kind of upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see why.
JESSICA G: I was upset. I was like,
JESSICA G: Like in my head, I'm like this. She just manipulate it was she trying to manipulate me like what shouldn't have to do that.
JESSICA G: So I was pissed off saying yes to her. I guess you like the way I said yes. So then she had the little boys mom called me.
JESSICA G: Hey, can you watch on this please, blah, blah, blah. That's not. And I'm like, Yeah, I already told man to yeah I will come over my house. And then, okay, well, we'll be there for will drop them off at four and blah, blah, blah. Okay.
JESSICA G: So it's 330 but it's 330 like heading towards for and I'm like saying, so this is the apartment numbers. The code to get into the front door. If you want on meet you outside. Oh, I forgot to tell you
JESSICA G: His uncle called me and told me that he wanted to keep him.
JESSICA G: So they didn't like the way I said yes, basically.
JESSICA G: And I'm just like, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so, so, Jessica. Let's look at this together.
JESSICA G: Take a look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And pick one that seems like would be comfortable for you to try on
Gwenevere Abriel: With your auntie.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see a couple of them may be working pretty well. And you can kind of fine tune it a little bit to make it work for her.
JESSICA G: Any of those that I would tell her she would stop talking to me.
JESSICA G: Okay, get her feelings hurt and stop talking to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let's talk about that. This is really important stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would be the problem with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: These are real questions because I have no idea. Tell me, what would be the problem.
She stopped on
JESSICA G: It. She stopped talking to me.
JESSICA G: I wouldn't have her anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you have when you have her. What do you get
JESSICA G: Um,
JESSICA G: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she do
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you've got this contentious relationship with mom but you have this thing with your auntie. So is it serving something for you, but is
Gwenevere Abriel: isn't enough. Are you getting a reciprocal relationship with her.
JESSICA G: And I just, I love, I love her, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, yeah, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Can love people. But it doesn't mean we like them.
JESSICA G: I love her to death. We have our issues in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about those past ones. We don't have a lot a lot of time. This next client usually spot on Me ask you
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys had disagreements before
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did she not let you go. Then stop talking to you forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but she said
JESSICA G: She freaked out. She freaks out and she's just I'm telling you. She's like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica. She's going to freak out. Anyway, it doesn't matter what you say. Do you understand, you said it clear, you said, I want to know when
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a heads up when you're on route so that I can prepare specifically for this. You were incredibly inconvenienced by cleaning until two in the morning, and she doesn't even know that she has no idea of how she's affecting you.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to freak out, regardless of what you say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it in a nice way, doesn't matter what you do. She don't freak out.
JESSICA G: Yeah. Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's just a little
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a little reality check there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the cost benefit for you. There's something about having her still in your life. That means a lot to you.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's family. Right. Is that what it is you got some family. It feels good. But, Jessica, your ability to be honest with yourself and not sacrifice giving more than what you don't have to give
Gwenevere Abriel: Us. It really, it's important to it's important
Gwenevere Abriel: That you. Be honest with yourself.
JESSICA G: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because people will only respect to credit as much as you respect yourself. And right now, you're not setting a clear limit with her. And I can tell you what with this woman, you'd have to be pretty clear for her to even see it.
JESSICA G: Yeah, I mean, it's like this and then I have this whole thing in my head. Like, I know what she's doing. You know, she she thinks she's manipulating manipulating me. I'm just going to play along. So I know what's going on, but I do it.
JESSICA G: Because I know I didn't know I love her, that makes you see myself you know I love her to go along with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pick this up, you're bringing up some pretty important things I would like to also kind of take a look at some of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Content of the dreams again when you're up for it, but I think today was really about you're kind of saying, Okay, I had this slip we've analyzed the context in it. We've taken a little bit of a look at your boundary setting skills. I think let's let's keep working on those
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you loving you is at the center of it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Understand, I want you to value you more than anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think she's going to go away because you love yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. Doesn't that math doesn't add up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is, I know the subtlety. I know, I know the kind of person you're talking about thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what you're talking about. Don't think I'm being naive about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pick it up again next Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
JESSICA G: Same time you for much for everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You bet. And do you need me to send a message to your doctor about medication.
JESSICA G: Um, I think I can wait till tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I forget sometimes people are seeing right away. All right. I will see you early bird tomorrow.
JESSICA G: Okay, thank you.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm just gonna run to the ladies room just two seconds.
Bethany Shadid: Sure.
Right back
Here.
And accounted for.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we my seeing you in your apartment.
Yes. Very cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Space, are you in sort of in your mind and in your emotions today.
Bethany Shadid: So I woke up with a debilitating.
Bethany Shadid: Migraine
Bethany Shadid: And muscle.
Bethany Shadid: spasms, it's been
Like that.
Bethany Shadid: Not this bad but it's been that way for this whole week I've had really bad migraines.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the last one I had one come into
Bethany Shadid: Play. That's right. So,
Bethany Shadid: Yes, definitely. I know it's it's tied to all the stress with work and but at the same time, I have had my first period in like four months.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal for you.
Bethany Shadid: So I have PC iOS, which is polycystic ovarian syndrome, but it's it's actually like a metabolic disorder, they just label that when it they, you know, it was mainly that women would with this disorder had lots of cysts, I, I've only had one
Bethany Shadid: Um, but
Bethany Shadid: It's characterized by the hair loss weight gain acne, things like that and irregular periods and
Bethany Shadid: Because of insurance reasons I'm the generic birth control that I'm on to manage it.
Bethany Shadid: Was switched by
Bethany Shadid: The pharmacy and they haven't been able to change it. So it's, it makes it
Bethany Shadid: How would you say my yeah my
Bethany Shadid: Disorder is not being well managed, which only contributes to everything else.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I've been pretty miserable when it whenever it's delayed like that. And then I have a period. It's like
Bethany Shadid: 10 times worse. Oh, yeah. And it's also the PCs is characterized by really bad periods. Um, so that
Bethany Shadid: But, um,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I
Bethany Shadid: As much as I have been working on self care.
Bethany Shadid: I know that this stress is
Bethany Shadid: Manifesting
Bethany Shadid: Physically
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I had a pretty stressful week i'm not only because of the
Bethany Shadid: Work stuff, but a lot of other stuff is going on. I
Bethany Shadid: There's a whole piece that's happening with my rent. I was trying to make my last rent payment online and I couldn't get the login to work and I was trying to communicate with them, but apparently the email and I had for them.
Bethany Shadid: Doesn't work or something, I don't know. And so I got a call on Friday.
Bethany Shadid: With the lady from the office telling me that they were going to file court.
Bethany Shadid: Papers, because they're not receiving my graphics and mind you, I, I've been on top of it and calling and trying to figure it out. And I even asked, Do I need to just bring in a check right now or
Bethany Shadid: Can I am I still try. Can I still file it online. She was like, Oh, yeah. So anyway, I'm I'm I'm dealing with that and I I was up till two in the morning.
Bethany Shadid: You know, writing an email to the manager explaining my situation. And I think, you know, when it was all said and done, I was like,
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: This is affecting my stability. So that's, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Cause for the immense stress and then this feeling of not being believed you know
Bethany Shadid: There's so many things that play into it and and i'm aware of it, but it
Bethany Shadid: hasn't made it easier. So I also went into work you know after talking with you last week and I
Bethany Shadid: Was feeling, you know, ready to quit. And then one of my co workers.
Bethany Shadid: approached me and told me that she had talked to my manager out
Bethany Shadid: And she's like a
Bethany Shadid: No BS. The point kind of a gal and for whatever reason, the way that she
Bethany Shadid: communicated with him, made a difference and
Bethany Shadid: She let him have it and he was there all week and attentive and I told him towards the end of the week, I was like, well,
Bethany Shadid: How should I say I'm getting used to the fact that whenever he asks me how I'm doing
Bethany Shadid: It's a situation where he knows and I know there's no time to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh geez.
Bethany Shadid: You know what I mean. He'll pop in. Oh, I gotta run to such and such. But I want to see. How are you doing, you know, and you're like,
Bethany Shadid: Okay, yeah. So I said, Well, you know what, it's really been nice having you here this week.
Bethany Shadid: And so the the work environment was a lot better. This week,
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: The girl that causes a lot of daily tension and stress, she was out sick.
Bethany Shadid: And so that made it better, but I think
Bethany Shadid: What I took on internally.
Bethany Shadid: Was that
Bethany Shadid: I have a medical assistant that they keep taking away and giving me back and taking away and giving me back and she made it clear to me that if they don't, if they take her away or they want to put her somewhere else. She's gonna quit cheese. And so that's a lot of pressure and
Bethany Shadid: My friend at work that I told you about in her awful situation with her husband, killing himself.
Bethany Shadid: And her little baby.
Bethany Shadid: She's had a breakdown. So my manager.
Bethany Shadid: He you know he wanted to talk to her and see how she was doing and you know i've communicated a little bit with you about her trying to get help and our system being so messed up that
Bethany Shadid: She, she broke down to him and was crying and it was like, I just need help. And as much as I tell people I need help.
Bethany Shadid: I'm not getting the help that I need. And so he asked her is like are you suicidal and she's like, Well, I thought about that, you know, and I think about my husband and stuff because she says, but you know I haven't made a plan so
Bethany Shadid: Sorry, anything like that. I don't know exactly what their conversation was, but I got to work and found out that
Bethany Shadid: She wasn't there. And I didn't know what was happening.
Bethany Shadid: And it turns out that he sent her home and then called the cops on her. And so she was as she got home and had her child, and then the cops were at her door and they took her to the hospital.
Bethany Shadid: And she was, you know, committed for a few days and I didn't know exactly what was going on. And so that was a stress and
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, there's just a lot
Bethany Shadid: Going on and
Bethany Shadid: I feel overwhelmed. A lot
Bethany Shadid: I'm you know working on
Bethany Shadid: What I can do for me to reduce my stress, but it's definitely taking a physical toll.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I've been having
Bethany Shadid: Pain a lot
Bethany Shadid: Trying to
Bethany Shadid: Stay on my dose with the Suboxone and
Bethany Shadid: I haven't had, you know, trying to reduce the amount I haven't had it so bad. Before I don't know if I've just reached
Bethany Shadid: A certain threshold, that is, is my body doesn't want it.
Bethany Shadid: work well with me, but the muscle spasms and tension, I think, are just know magnified with everything going on. Um,
Bethany Shadid: It's to the point where like
Bethany Shadid: Saturday and Sunday. I was
Bethany Shadid: in so much pain that I couldn't go to church and
Bethany Shadid: Just really sad and
Bethany Shadid: The so it's
I'm
Bethany Shadid: I think my struggle on a daily basis is
Bethany Shadid: Feeling like there's so much that I need to do that. I have a lot of responsibilities to take care of.
Bethany Shadid: But feeling like I can't physically
Bethany Shadid: Do it.
Bethany Shadid: And that's been really tough.
Bethany Shadid: I've been sleeping a lot this weekend.
Bethany Shadid: More so than normal like
Bethany Shadid: I'm not for sure that I'm passing kidney stones, because I know that whenever I'm in withdrawal.
Bethany Shadid: I can get those pseudo pains, because my body.
Bethany Shadid: Has done that in the past, but it's gotten to the point where the pain will hit and I am throwing up
Bethany Shadid: And so it had to take a lot of nausea medication, lots of migraine medication.
Bethany Shadid: And so I decided today that I was just going to take my regular dose to function.
Bethany Shadid: How many milligrams. So I meant the 5.5
Bethany Shadid: I tried the going down to the 5.25 and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's some timing on that just
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope you have a few too many things kind of coming at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normally, it would be, you know. Well, that's life. You know, you've got to just sort of meet it with your new skills, etc, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I don't see any problem with just sort of staying there for a little bit longer, you know, just tell Dr. Gabriel. It's what you want to do and don't don't overanalyze that just that's what you're doing. That's that you've made up your mind to just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we're about
Bethany Shadid: I think the others into his
Bethany Shadid: Last week in our group meeting. We talked about doing two weeks at a time.
Bethany Shadid: And I went and picked up my last dose and it was only good for a week again.
Bethany Shadid: Push.
Gwenevere Abriel: Translate somehow
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, um,
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: So I'm, I'm not, I'm not getting enough to
Bethany Shadid: Have a little bit in case I do have a kidney stone episode, you know, and I'm only getting a week at a time so
Bethany Shadid: I think that also played into my stability and security.
Bethany Shadid: That something's wrong and that you know there's constraints and I'm mean, you know,
Bethany Shadid: More of a strict, you know, probation here, Mary, period. And so that
Bethany Shadid: concerned me, I know that in in relation to bright heart health.
Bethany Shadid: Financial I can't continue to pay for this out of pocket financially, so I I think after this week at work. I learned a little bit more about how insurance works and
Bethany Shadid: I might. I might have a better grasp on what I can do to see if my insurance will pay for it.
Bethany Shadid: But in the meantime, you know, like today, I checked in. And the guy said, I told him the situation. I was like, I need
Bethany Shadid: To get my insurance to, you know, approve this because where they sent me before they don't manage any of this. And so they should cover this. I said, but I didn't know how to do that before and I think I do. And so, you told me that I had to get it done within a week.
Bethany Shadid: And so, you know, all those factors. Just make it
Bethany Shadid: I don't know. It's the accumulation of all of those things that play on my core in security with stability.
Sorry.
Bethany Shadid: Because I know the last thing I need right now is to, you know, not, not, have you guys
Gwenevere Abriel: So some just some reality testing in that space has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ability to set up some sort of plan with the finance folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: That, you know, and Brian heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're working out, you know, does this need to be funneled through a primary care physician they recommend. I don't know what little nuance thing is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I've been on the witness side of watching various people sort of navigate
Gwenevere Abriel: Their finances. I've been on this side of it for a while and watching for the most part, and I know it's they're changing is brighter gets bigger and bigger and bigger. It's less accommodating. I am watching that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm also watching people that are making payments. They've accrued this bill and there. They've said, Okay, well, I need to bring it down. But I also need to pay the copay so there they have an arrangement established
Bethany Shadid: Okay, can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Get with them right now. Do you have like an outstanding debt with my heart.
Bethany Shadid: You know, I think I do. I
Bethany Shadid: Paid a lot of it, but it's gotten me into, into a place like where right now I don't have any savings because of it. Does that make sense. So I went and tried to pay it down really fast. And then, you know, you just accumulate more and more each session so
Bethany Shadid: But I haven't made an arrangement. I just been trying on my own until I got I think the liens email.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: What's turning billing know it's just like billing it bright her health or something that was going to email them after we talked today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other person. I think that you want to connect with me see if I've still got her name here if you don't use a name in Slack, it disappears. For a while I think her first name is
Gwenevere Abriel: I just see if it's Calista
Bethany Shadid: That would be great to know who to contact
Bethany Shadid: Because I haven't. I will say, I haven't really been
Bethany Shadid: Given
Bethany Shadid: direction on how to resolve it other than well how are you going to pay it and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, they're not necessarily trained to to do all that piece so
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really, it's just you want to have the right person for the right conversation. So those folks are not the right people, they might be able to do a drug screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can do a real quick reminder. These your outstanding things you can't clone grew up and guess unless you get them, but just be assure you it's really there's people that are just doing the accounts and things like that so
Bethany Shadid: I just see something
Bethany Shadid: You can't find it. Now, either you can always text me later.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Because that's that's fine too.
Bethany Shadid: I just, you know, I think it
Gwenevere Abriel: What's nice
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I start the conversation now that it gets moving is a weighted
You might
Bethany Shadid: So it's good to understand that.
Bethany Shadid: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can just remember this woman. It's not the way I think it's spelled.
Bethany Shadid: I will tell you while you're looking for that.
Bethany Shadid: And that I've
Bethany Shadid: done a lot of work since last week on the imaging of the protector nurture and the wise my advisor. Yeah, I've changed a little bit, which I think is helped you know solidify. It is mine.
Bethany Shadid: Because you know in my faith.
Bethany Shadid: You've heard of the Trinity.
Bethany Shadid: Uh huh. And so there's the god
Bethany Shadid: The Father, Jesus, and then the Holy Spirit are considered all one but it kind of aligned as Jesus being the nurturing figure
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: The Holy Spirit being the wisdom internal you know you have the Holy Spirit in you to help guide you and things and then God being the protector.
Bethany Shadid: Kind of just aligned really beautifully.
Bethany Shadid: And so I I tried to
Bethany Shadid: Keep that in the forefront of my mind, this week.
Bethany Shadid: Which was next. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah you know and i would i hear mostly I hear you, I hear what you're saying, but I hear I hear a lot of the but the but being what you end up doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Bethany Shadid: Know I
Gwenevere Abriel: made contact with it, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this what you end up doing is still questioning it. And and and
Gwenevere Abriel: The piece that I see is
Gwenevere Abriel: So ironic because I happen to know you're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, how you forget that in those moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have this powerful Trinity, right, you can have this this amazing connection. But you still minimize that strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're
Gwenevere Abriel: More than okay
Bethany Shadid: I haven't translated it into my
Bethany Shadid: Day to date when I when it's come up, it's thinking in reflection about what happened and then I have that imagery. It's not in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't let it go. You don't actually let go and let God, you don't. It doesn't look it looks
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like you, you go to this hurts. This hurts. This hurts. How could this be hurting. Again, look how could this be look at how these things and and now it's hurting and I'm I'm truly justified to hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are justified to hurt you can you can dip into just give right around the corner, you could pull something to feel to feel sad about you have plenty
Gwenevere Abriel: But the big aha experience is going to be you're sick and tired of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sick and tired of this sad and being in going there.
Gwenevere Abriel: To me out here is this witness of this beautiful intelligent powerful, strong creative woman is just every time. JUST BAFFLED
Gwenevere Abriel: And how you're just not a witness to it yourself. I, I, I, I'm always like, what
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You come in, in, you have these stories, right, the same way it is, which is, hear me see me. See look, look. You want me to see and hear and validate and I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I truly do believe that this, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Work that we were beginning to do with the desensitization is going to be a key part of you getting some distance from memories that you can't even find a label for
Bethany Shadid: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do think
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting distance from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because all of it just stacks up and stacks up I
Gwenevere Abriel: I get the logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, doesn't look like a happy life.
Bethany Shadid: No, I will say, I do think it helped in
Bethany Shadid: How do I, I was thinking about it, just a second ago. I'm
Bethany Shadid: The desensitized. These sensitizing because we focused
Bethany Shadid: I was able to come into work.
Bethany Shadid: And be okay with the idea of walking away from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, yeah, that's it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and
Bethany Shadid: Even with the thought because like
Bethany Shadid: Even with my friend like
Bethany Shadid: The thought of her hurting herself and this other girl you know her job being dependent on me.
Bethany Shadid: I was able to
Bethany Shadid: I was a lot
Bethany Shadid: Stronger in okay in
Bethany Shadid: Not
Bethany Shadid: Like the comments, the communication. I had with my manager.
Bethany Shadid: I remember at one point.
Bethany Shadid: The medical assistant same really you like she was shocked that I had been like
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah, he has a problem. He can take it up with me like very much like this is correct. I'm not second guessing myself and, you know,
Bethany Shadid: And I remember
Bethany Shadid: Because because it's work that we're doing that isn't like you said this very logical part of my brain that over analyzes everything and tries to make all these connections. I can't exactly put it into words because it was
Bethany Shadid: How do you say
Bethany Shadid: I really do think the work that we're doing.
Bethany Shadid: On this core level is helping I'm noticing the heat. I'm noticing the physical manifestation. And that's been the only thing in the moment so far that helps me register when I'm there that something's not right. Where is
Bethany Shadid: That
So let's
Bethany Shadid: Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: That then Beth and because we've got you here. Now we know powerfully important features ingredients here we've got this this core heat that happens. Let's see if we can get some integration with your we're going to call your team. The, the trilogy. What do you want to call them.
Bethany Shadid: A Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trinity. I'm so sorry. So look at
Gwenevere Abriel: This Trinity. Okay, let's let's let's do some work around that.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do see where we were before.
Bethany Shadid: Do you want me to look at the light again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I do, where
Bethany Shadid: I'm going to lift up my screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful while you're going to zero in a little bit more on
Looks
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of this time.
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Mindfulness breathing do that big belly breath go inward setting an intention this afternoon.
Gwenevere Abriel: A faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Invite faith, but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out on your own what you want from today. What you want to experience more of
Gwenevere Abriel: With this general invitation general invitation of healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing self compassion and acceptance and truly embodying unconditional love.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's absolutely perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that be at least my invitation today.
Bethany Shadid: That in the context
Gwenevere Abriel: Of transients distress misunderstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can also have experience.
Bethany Shadid: That really is what it comes down to. I know in a big way misunderstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's okay. So are you technically ready, you've got enough
Gwenevere Abriel: You're close enough for this guy back with the benefit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I may want to speed up a little bit, we might do desensitisation first
Bethany Shadid: I'm just going to do a little
Gwenevere Abriel: So real quick, I want to hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm these might be short iterations and I do a few of them.
Bethany Shadid: So I'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Right back. I want you to think about misunderstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: What that says about you. Let's find that negative core belief about you. I am what when you are in the experience of being understood what do you think about yourself, what's the belief about yourself right then.
Bethany Shadid: I think I give up.
Bethany Shadid: I think, as soon as I realize in a conversation
Bethany Shadid: That I'm being misunderstood.
Bethany Shadid: I almost give up to
Bethany Shadid: Acceptance right that
Bethany Shadid: No matter what I say or do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm what
Bethany Shadid: I'm going to be whatever other people think of me.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to go back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab the earliest memory you have with that experience or the most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to have to be whatever it is, these people think of me go back in your mind tracking back in time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And grab the most intense
Gwenevere Abriel: however old you were
Gwenevere Abriel: And you gave up on your own awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll have to just be whatever it is just outside these others thinking, he'll let me know when you have that that age or that that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old are you,
Bethany Shadid: 22 to 21
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion.
Bethany Shadid: Acceptance and
Bethany Shadid: Almost self hate
Bethany Shadid: That was
Bethany Shadid: I hit I
Bethany Shadid: Almost like
Bethany Shadid: A realization that
Bethany Shadid: Not just being misunderstood, but that
Bethany Shadid: I was misunderstood in the negative. Right. It wasn't misunderstood in a positive or neutral way. It was
Bethany Shadid: No matter what I do. It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right there. No matter what I do. I am what
Bethany Shadid: I'm bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, here we go. So pull that up. This is, this is the desensitization. So it's going to be the negative stuff. Okay, hold it. I am bad. It's a core one for a lot of people pull up that that imagery. THE WORST piece of that age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your awareness and watch this left and right. Hold it there. I'm bad
Gwenevere Abriel: And that imagery. This one's fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together nice belly breath Breathing in
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently touch lightly on a noticing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes they move quickly. What did you notice about where your mind when your body, your emotion. What did you notice
Bethany Shadid: Oh well, I started getting hot
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Bodies hot is that inside your core.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: For and how much distress, a UN zero to 100
Bethany Shadid: Maybe a 75 okay um
Bethany Shadid: There was something else.
Bethany Shadid: I forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll probably make its way up again. Okay, I have probably my checking the suds that I lost that for you. I apologize.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to it. I didn't hear a new statement so see if it's still there. I'm bad
Gwenevere Abriel: That image at 21
Gwenevere Abriel: And tie in the hot. You were body. Let's go do another iteration may not be quite as long
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your awareness as long as you can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together nice nourishing inhale into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: The pulsing in my ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: You noticing pulsing ears.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember a thought passing through your mind.
Bethany Shadid: This is a
Bethany Shadid: Memory.
Bethany Shadid: Of the situation with my mother. Hey,
Bethany Shadid: Kind of a mixture of a few i think but similar you know situations where
Bethany Shadid: I was subjected to listening to my mother.
Bethany Shadid: tear me apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yes. Got it. What does that say about you.
Bethany Shadid: And the Miss like the thought, while she's were, you know, ranting of I'm so misunderstood. Okay. Even the even the things that I do that are benign are being misinterpreted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go with
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Bethany Shadid: Negative law, there's more that
Bethany Shadid: Almost like I wouldn't be treated.
Bethany Shadid: Unfairly like this if I wasn't understood like
Bethany Shadid: Almost
Bethany Shadid: Don't order or accepting
Bethany Shadid: The negative
Gwenevere Abriel: If I was understood this, this wouldn't be happening.
Bethany Shadid: Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with that, pull up that worst image and it can be just, just try to grab that image, even if it's this combination, but it really embodies this one piece really pull it into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep and along
Gwenevere Abriel: It all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Realizing that that
Bethany Shadid: Is like to me.
Bethany Shadid: Working incredibly hard.
Bethany Shadid: To not do the wrong thing or say the wrong thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about yourself when you're doing that.
Bethany Shadid: That's the only way to avoid
Bethany Shadid: being at the mercy.
Bethany Shadid: Of a negative
Bethany Shadid: Interpretation.
Gwenevere Abriel: While your
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative interpretation. What do you believe about yourself. I am
Bethany Shadid: not normal.
Bethany Shadid: Average that there's something wrong with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I'm broken
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm abnormal, which would find your own word I am
Bethany Shadid: almost want to say disabled.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying, hey, go with that. I'm disabled pull up that image that snapshot that one that resonates hot in the core
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm disabled.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale into the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gently
Gently scanning what's coming up for you.
Bethany Shadid: It brought up a lot of thoughts about when I
Bethany Shadid: Had gotten to a point where I was so consumed with
Bethany Shadid: The I guess deficits, I noticed that it
Bethany Shadid: It crippled me to the point where I was barely speaking
Gwenevere Abriel: How how stressed. Are you right now.
Bethany Shadid: At five
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's bring in the Trinity now.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is calling upon your faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is where you meet your life right now we get to find out how much faith. What is this faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is it just a rehearsal for some other moment or is this is this it
Gwenevere Abriel: Faith now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing in that protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all along.
Gwenevere Abriel: God is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never really letting that penetrate and touch your core.
It never did.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurtured
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy Spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unconditional love
Gwenevere Abriel: Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: feel what it feels like. If you gave yourself permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be with that at all times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be with that now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring up that negative thought that image and be present with
Gwenevere Abriel: This force.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm apologize. I'm going to slow it down better when it slower when we're doing some positive
Make sure I'm going in the right direction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even faster.
Bethany Shadid: Go SLOWER. OKAY.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to start to pull up the negative image, you had that shark picture worst part of it. And now be present surrounded embodied with the quality of all of that faith in the Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got some big feelings going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: Well,
Bethany Shadid: What came up was some
Bethany Shadid: Of the moments I
Bethany Shadid: I i
Bethany Shadid: believed in God and Jesus
Bethany Shadid: Was
Bethany Shadid: The only way I can describe it is a little bit of pure clarity.
Bethany Shadid: About my life.
Bethany Shadid: I was in college and
Bethany Shadid: There was a lot going on.
Bethany Shadid: And I think
Bethany Shadid: I was really confused and I realized after this moment.
Bethany Shadid: Of clarity about my life. It was like my life kind of flashed before my eyes.
Bethany Shadid: And all of a sudden all the negative stuff that had happened to me.
Bethany Shadid: I saw how God used it to make me
Bethany Shadid: The person that I am.
Bethany Shadid: And how beautiful it was
Bethany Shadid: And how he was always there.
Bethany Shadid: And how it could have gone so much differently, but
Bethany Shadid: That these negative things are these things that make me feel
Bethany Shadid: Happy adorable or
Bethany Shadid: Disabled that I have a harder time with others.
Bethany Shadid: May be
Bethany Shadid: A more empathetic and compassionate person.
Bethany Shadid: So I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just thought, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am compassionate and empathetic.
Bethany Shadid: And I have the
Bethany Shadid: Ability. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: To
Bethany Shadid: Understand
Bethany Shadid: People
Bethany Shadid: Going through things that
Bethany Shadid: You know, I've been through, and
Bethany Shadid: That's why I enjoyed their scenes so much
Gwenevere Abriel: So how, what level of distressing that right now.
Bethany Shadid: Well, I'm not to stress.
So it's
Bethany Shadid: Like a 30 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, down to a 30 How true is it this belief about you right now. See if you can find what the one is, what do you believe about yourself right now.
Bethany Shadid: That I have a purpose. Okay.
And
I have a promotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am
Bethany Shadid: I looked
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah How true is that
Gwenevere Abriel: One to seven, this is a different scale. How true is it, seven. It's absolutely true.
Bethany Shadid: I, I, it's absolutely true.
Bethany Shadid: I just
Bethany Shadid: This I lose sight of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I am I am I am loved and now
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with that truth of seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: One bird. It was forgotten. It's remembered and pull up that piece that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Represents a pattern with your mother and very invalidating moment my words, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pulling that up. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll take these last few minutes and share a little bit about where you're at now what you're finding now.
Bethany Shadid: So I noticed that when I tied it together with
Bethany Shadid: The original thought
Bethany Shadid: I got hot again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but
Bethany Shadid: It was almost more of like an angry hot
Bethany Shadid: Like in my ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: pulsing
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and
Bethany Shadid: I remember the event only with
Bethany Shadid: You know the other piece in mind and it felt like
Bethany Shadid: None of it could get in. After that, that those were her
Bethany Shadid: That was her thing, but it wasn't true for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
You know,
Bethany Shadid: Oh, how do I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stay with him. Don't
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing something really important
Gwenevere Abriel: That was hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am loved and protected and your showed up to protect it. Okay, you didn't have a right in your family of origin to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, I love, I don't go crazy. I'm right here and I'm protecting it right that's what anger does protect something really precious and important you on top of that weren't allowed to show that
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Allowed to have boundaries.
Gwenevere Abriel: weren't allowed
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, get to do that in your life now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to that core, it means something important is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you decide whether it gets affected and contacts made with the outside world, but it's a register something importance going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you go to the imagery of I am loved and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring up images.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you find you've done this before. You found your way to making it your own to making sure that it is the absolute truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You doing this for you. You
Gwenevere Abriel: Do know what's right for you. We
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that you make sure you're clear with me you melt does not the right word that my right, it's this, this trinity. This is what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do know.
Bethany Shadid: You have a
Gwenevere Abriel: History of invalidation after invalidation. And it keeps getting played out in the workplace and
Gwenevere Abriel: You caught a glimpse of it when you said, well, he can just, I'm so busy. He can come contact me later. That's faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's faith.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was almost unconscious and you can have the rest of your life doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine how freeing that would be
Bethany Shadid: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get to say something quick. Oh, just say that this is not what I meant. Let me rephrase that. Maybe it's that or
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're even short with someone. So what
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You to get to be short, YouTube, you have the same right as the rest of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: To not be taking care of everybody else, you get to pay attention to what's right in front of you. I prioritize this. This is my full attention. I have competing
Gwenevere Abriel: urgent, important things coming at me. I have decided this is what needs my attention. I did that. That's what I'm going to do and I'll be right with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your assessment of what to do.
Is perfect
Bethany Shadid: I think I
Bethany Shadid: This is a really great way to proceed.
Bethany Shadid: What initially when I felt that heat. Again, I thought oh no it's not working right. My imagery
Bethany Shadid: And so I I know I need to trust myself.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I didn't see it right away. How that
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I, I, I do think
Bethany Shadid: This really did a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, going to the things that work a safe place.
Gwenevere Abriel: All your resources there in your tiny little in your tiny house all of the resources that you need visiting there over and over again. And literally detoxing
Gwenevere Abriel: From all of that that analysis of questioning, can I handle all these coming things coming out and all of that. Just push it to the side.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go into this tiny room. You feel all of the strength and vitality and love of the belief. I love and you do your problem solving their you write your to do list there. I know you're capable
Gwenevere Abriel: I i've been witness, you're quite you have handled so much adversity. Imagine being able to solve problems without all that negative stuff in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without all of that weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to just go to the next right thing just go do it. Hmm.
Bethany Shadid: That does sound very appealing.
Bethany Shadid: Right, your, your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your challenge is going to be you indulge those neural networks of analysis you sit in them and analyze them. Are you spent a lot of time and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, let God handle the analysis you pay attention to that core feeling of what's right for me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turns out it's just a quiet. Turns out it's a yummy meal note. Turns out it's the destruction of a movie. No. Turns out it's I'm on problem solving mode.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to knock out these things. I'm going to go do that. That comes from you, then you go do it. Let the analysis you that's that's an over adapted skill is
Gwenevere Abriel: getting in your way. That's where faith shows up.
Bethany Shadid: You know, that's very interesting because this week when thoughts would enter my head and I would start going over situations for work and stuff.
Bethany Shadid: I would I would feel, you know, distressed and and I would say in the name of Jesus. See, leave me. We just this, but it was like, yeah, it was like, I can't dwell on that, you know, I can't
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not. We're not chemically need to sit with that much tension the cortisol just wreaks havoc on the hippocampus, the whole deal whole body, it messes with the whole thing. We're used to short spurts of stress, you have been living in chronic stress for years. It's damaging your body
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Really, truly, truly, I know you know the science behind this.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This detox from that thinking you can't afford it. You're gonna be okay. Truly
Bethany Shadid: The thing is, I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: I've gotta run out and run this group that they got me going on. I want to schedule and get back to me and work out the whole like
Bethany Shadid: Do you want to keep Mondays.
Bethany Shadid: And then every other weekend group will be ok.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine with me. And the name, you're looking for that. I gotta jump out of here is Krista binning bi n i n g Krista in n KR
Gwenevere Abriel: Beginning just jump into virtual clinic and say, hey, I'd like for email, which of course I hey it's K
Gwenevere Abriel: Heart health.com so you can also email or if you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'll slow down and talk to you more if you want through texting, whatever. A little later. I just gotta jump out of here.
No problem.